Initial addition of .NET Aspire Azure PostgreSQL content (#2437)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/database/includes/postgresql-flexible-server.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> By default, `AddAzurePostgresFlexibleServer` configures [Microsoft Entra ID](/azure/postgresql/flexible-server/concepts-azure-ad-authentication) authentication. This requires changes to applications that need to connect to these resources. For more information, see [Client integration](#client-integration).

> [!TIP]

> > When you call <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureCosmosExtensions.AddAzureCosmosDB*>, it implicitly calls <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureProvisionerExtensions.AddAzureProvisioning*>—which adds support for generating Azure resources dynamically during app startup. The app must configure the appropriate subscription and location. For more information, see [Local provisioning: Configuration](../../azure/local-provisioning.md#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you call <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzurePostgresExtensions.AddAzurePostgresFlexibleServer*>, it implicitly calls <xref:Aspire.Hosting.AzureProvisionerExtensions.AddAzureProvisioning*>—which adds support for generating Azure resources dynamically during app startup. The app must configure the appropriate subscription and location. For more information, see [Local provisioning: Configuration](../../azure/local-provisioning.md#configuration).
```

<br/>
<details>
<summary id="azure-postgresql"><strong>Toggle Azure PostgreSQL Bicep.</strong></summary>
<p aria-labelledby="azure-postgresql">

:::code language="bicep" source="../../snippets/azure/AppHost/postgres-flexible.module.bicep":::

</p>
</details>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

The preceding Bicep is a module that provisions an Azure PostgreSQL flexible server with the following defaults:

- `authConfig`: The authentication configuration of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `ActiveDirectoryAuth` enabled and `PasswordAuth` disabled.
- `availabilityZone`: The availability zone of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `1`.
- `backup`: The backup configuration of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `BackupRetentionDays` set to `7` and `GeoRedundantBackup` set to `Disabled`.
- `highAvailability`: The high availability configuration of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `Disabled`.
- `storage`: The storage configuration of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `StorageSizeGB` set to `32`.
- `version`: The version of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `16`.
- `sku`: The SKU of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `Standard_B1ms`.

> - `tags`: The tags of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `aspire-resource-name` set to `postgres-flexible`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tags`: The tags of the PostgreSQL server. The default is `aspire-resource-name` set to the name of the Aspire resource, in this case `postgres-flexible`.
```

```csharp
var builder = DistributedApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

var postgres = builder.AddConnectionString("postgres");

builder.AddProject<Projects.WebApplication>("web")
       .WithReference(postgres);

// After adding all resources, run the app...
```

[!INCLUDE [connection-strings-alert](../../includes/connection-strings-alert.md)]

The connection string is configured in the app host's configuration, typically under [User Secrets](/aspnet/core/security/app-secrets), under the `ConnectionStrings` section. The app host injects this connection string as an environment variable into all dependent resources, for example:

```json
{
    "ConnectionStrings": {
        "postgres": "Server=<PostgreSQL-server-name>.postgres.database.azure.com;Database=<database-name>;Port=5432;Ssl Mode=Require;User Id=<username>;"
    }
}
```

The dependent resource can access the injected connection string by calling the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ConfigurationExtensions.GetConnectionString*> method, and passing the connection name as the parameter, in this case `"postgres"`. The `GetConnectionString` API is shorthand for `IConfiguration.GetSection("ConnectionStrings")[name]`.

> ### Run Azure PostgreSQL resource as a container

Reviewer: It feels like we should elaborate a bit more on why/when you would want to use this.
